chainlink-nodes: arbitrum gas estimator (#983)
smartcontractkit/documentation: docs/chainlink-nodes/configuration-variables.md

The default gas limit for outgoing transactions. This should not need to be changed in most cases.
Some job types, such as Keeper jobs, might set their own gas limit unrelated to this value.

> ### ETH_GAS_LIMIT_Max

Author: ```suggestion
### ETH_GAS_LIMIT_MAX
```

- `FixedPrice` uses static configured values for gas price (can be set via API call).
- `BlockHistory` dynamically adjusts default gas price based on heuristics from mined blocks.
- `Optimism2`/`L2Suggested` is a special mode only for use with Optimism and Metis blockchains. This mode will use the gas price suggested by the rpc endpoint via `eth_gasPrice`.

> - `Arbitrum` is a special mode only for use with Arbitrum blockchains. This mode extends `L2Suggested` (with price estimation) to estimate gas use as well.

Author: ```suggestion
- `Arbitrum` is a special mode only for use with Arbitrum blockchains. It uses the suggested gas price (up to `ETH_MAX_GAS_PRICE_WEI`, with `1000 gwei` default) as well as an estimated gas limit (up to `ETH_GAS_LIMIT_MAX`, with `1,000,000,000` default).
```
